Week #2:

Meeting Started at 4:10 PM 9/30/2017

Attendees - Shiva,Satish,Akansha,Devi,Shwetha

What did team do last week?

research on game ideas and finalized a single idea .
Discussed the concepts of each game and possible challenges.
What are challenges:

Multi user functionality of the game
Choosing the right position for the static players to make the game neutral to all players.
Time complexity for each user to win the game.
Discussion held:

Discussed the final idea of the project.
Defined individual developer shortcoming goals for the weekend.
Discussed possible shortcomings in the project.
Discussed the actions of each actor in the game and created an issue to come up with final objects and actors in the game
Discussed the possible actions of the user and defined the definition of done.
Defined user stories for the week and definition of done for the end of the week.
Meeting ended at: 5:30 PM 9/30/2017

Week #1:

Meeting Started at 3:20 PM 9/23/2017

Attendees - Shiva,Satish,Akansha,Devi,Shwetha

What did team do last week?

research on different 2D and 3D Game Engines that can be used.
Came up with game ideas of different genres.
Discussed the concepts of each game and possible challenges.
Research on creational design patterns that can be used in game.
What are challenges:

Comparing game engines with each other is a challenge as each engine has unique feature set and library.
Choosing the right idea for the game among the options is tough due to diversified opinions on genre and functionality of game.
It was not easy to correlate the java script design patterns to game ideas because of not enough references.
What should the team do next week?

Design steps to implement the idea for the game.
Coming with requirements and user stories for the game.
creating the use case and Activity diagrams .
Implementing multiple design patterns for the ideas.
Meeting Ended at 5:30 PM 9/23/2017

Week #0:

Meeting started at: 3:05 PM 9/16/2017

Attendees - Akansha,Devi,Sathish,Shiva,Shwetha

Project kickoff.
Team discussed on possible backlog list.
Backlogs are created and have been assigned to team members.
Team decided on using JavaScript as technology stack.
Discussion on few probable game ideas pitched in by team
Meeting ended at: 4:30 PM 9/16/2017
